hey guys so this is my review slash
discussion thingy on the PT demo I
probably say that on my channel or
around on the internet everywhere lately
the first part of this video is gonna be
discussion of the actual demo and the
second part is gonna be a discussion of
what the demo actually did so let's go
first of all I just want to like give a
clap PT demo was the scariest game I
have ever played now I am pretty what a
suck when it comes to games that are
scary in general you guys know I
couldn't finish Atlas or anything and I
did actually get through 99% of this
demo I just couldn't finish the final
puzzle yeah I don't deal well with
Hargensen yeah this game scared the hell
out of me if you guys still haven't seen
anyone playing yet I probably already
put it in the background but please I
encourage you to go play yourself if you
can't then just go watch someone play it
because it is quite interesting
experience I think what made this game
scary in comparison to a lot of other
games it didn't just rely on jump scares
the whole entire atmosphere and the
psychological aspect of it you pretty
much walk around the same hallway the
exactly the same but things are slightly
different each time you go through and
that was freaky I'm really interested to
see and what a lot of people are
discussing is can they actually make the
silent hill's game as scary for that
long of a period of time you know if you
can have a full release game it's gonna
have to be scary for eight plus hours so
I'd be interested to see how that works
in the full game saying that there was
still jump scares in that game and those
jump scares freaked the out of me
the ending was really convoluted to get
to everyone was like what the hell for
like a week which was the demos purpose
like Kojima sent like he didn't think
that people would finish the game for a
week definitely and there would be ton
the discussion around it so well done
for scaring the absolute hell out of me
and scaring the hell out a lot of people
what's this game spend this up right now
now the second part of this discussion
which i think is a bit more interesting
is what exactly is the point of a game
demo I read a article on IGN maybe a
month or two ago about game demos going
oil of the dirt or I can go back to
PlayStation 1 and 2 year or even for me
when I had my PlayStation 2 like that
demo disc was in my playstation turn
like the first six months playing
through all the games I'm sure a lot of
people were similar to me sorting the
purpose for game demo is to get your
game out there so people know what it is
and to get people excited for this game
and I think the PT demo did silent
hill's like did those two objectives
pretty much perfectly it kind of goes
through this aquifer stuff like their
announcement at Gamescom you know they
pretend they're in English to do their
announcement was just these tiny trailer
animals like what the hell is that the
Denver's in the PlayStation Store
everyone was like ok cool then I think
people start to actually play it and
then it sort of went viral in a way oh
you guys were telling me to play it all
the subscribers of all these other
youtubers were like play the PT
different play the PT dimmer and I was
like what the hell what even is it let's
think about it there if they announced
this game in a different way so say that
at Gamescom they just came out straight
with a trailer and you know it would
have been one of the biggest games of
the show it would have got a lot of
press about it but would have got as
much as that them like actually
releasing this mysterious demo no
instead like brought together a lot of
the gaming community - like doors one
sort of to try to figure out what the
hell is this and how the hell do I
finish it and hundreds of youtubers I'm
pretty sure now have played this game a
lot of streamers have played this game
and so many people have seen it now
and this brought in people that would
otherwise not give a stuff about Silent
Hill being like oh hey you know this
YouTube are this stream are played this
game I want to go check it out - oh it's
for silent hill's that's now on my radar
on games to buy it also became the top
training article of the wiki and IGN
the neogaf thread has like a bajillion
pages and total collective of people
that you know on YouTube and stream et
cetera was probably way bigger than they
would have got watching just one trailer
and this is all because they took a
different route than most people
nowadays as I said before like them
saying that dem rows are pretty much
dead and then this demo come along and
like blows that's hanging out of the
water like this demo is one of the
biggest demos I've ever seen go around
the gaming community personally for me
they were just really sound hills as I
said I'm not that big of a horror fan I
would have been like well not for me go
away I think cuz they released the demo
you know it even though I was scared
it's still in fact my mind that hey you
know I could pick this game up you might
still want it and a lot of people that
do people's YouTube streams etc etc well
like actually you know I wasn't really
into silent hill's ever but I'm gonna go
maybe buy this game now and as I said
before everything inside this was
designed pretty much perfectly the fact
that everything was convoluted and you
couldn't solve it got everyone talking
so oh I know I really enjoyed playing
Petey because it scared me like playing
through it yeah it really does freak me
out but after I finish like whatever
minutes I'm gonna play for I'm like yes
eyeko kid there's whatever minutes I
didn't like crying oh thank you
everybody for watching if you have any
thoughts on Petey or whatever I
discussed this with a what are you in my
Let's Plays videos um but if you want to
have any more leave it in the comments
below I'd love to have a chat about them
if you are new to my channel and you
have a teen mother videos go check them
out and if you like to make sure you
subscribe if you want to talk about
games smoulder follow me on twitter i'm
again chat yeah and i'll talk to you
guys soon bye
you